>> Jason Lengstorf: Let's create that
layout file that we just said was going
to exist.
So that's going to be at
source components layout.js.
Source components layout.js.
And inside of this I'm going
to import react from react.
And you may have noticed that I haven't
actually installed react Gatsby or
react Dom in this theme.
That’s because it’s coming from
the site that installs it.
You can set it up as a peer dependency and
that’s probably a good practice.
Because I know for
a fact that the theme dev is using it and
any Gatsby site is gonna have
Gatsby react and react dom.
It’s not strictly required.
If it’s not there, it’s gonna break.
So I'm gonna rely on the the parent
theme to have it create a layout.
And that layout is gonna receive children.
That's the the content.
And we'll just put out a react fragment
and that will have a header in it.
And the header will just
say the name of the theme.
We're not going for design awards here.
And we'll set up a main component
that will receive the children.
Export that as our default.
And we should be in business.
So let's go ahead and
run this and see what happens.
So I'm gonna yarn workspace
theme-dev develop.
And what I expect to happen is that
it's going to read this index.mdx and
I'll be able to get the content
of it in our graphQL layer.
So let's run it.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And
now we haven't created any pages,
we're not telling Gatsby
to use the data yet.
We've just added it to the data layer,
which means that if we look at our
page, like our development site,
there's still nothing there.
But Gatsby gives us access
to the graphQL layer.
So I can go into this graphql layer and
I can now see that we've got
things like all file and all MDX.
So let's take a look at this all MDX and
see what's in here.
So I wanna see maybe the frontmatter and
the title.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Okay,
so we've got our homepage.
It's showing up.
It's doing what we want.
And if I get the HTML,
>> Jason Lengstorf: Sorry,
that's the wrong.
It's called body, that's my mistake.
So now we've got this body, and
now this is a little funky, right?
This is the content down here but MDX has
kinda wrapped all this stuff around it.
And that's where we get
into the layouts there.
And MDX is doing a bunch of stuff so
that we can execute react
inside of MDX content.
But we don't really need to worry about
this part because there's a helper that
we'll get to in a minute
that handles this for us.
If you just want to check what's in there,
we can do the raw body.
And that'll show us just the contents
of the file if you want to verify that
something's there.
So that, I think,
is a good place to commit our work.
So let's again, just get at everything.
Check that again.
Okay, that's all we wanted so
we will commit.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Dev and
we added or load MDX into GraphQL.